# Below tests contain non-synthesizable code which is discarded
# by synlig by default, this behavior can be changed (by adding
# -parseall flag), and it needs to be changed for formal
# verification.
# Some of below test are not passing and were added to skiplist
# so their entry in this file is not used at all, but they are
# mentioned here to mark that they require -parseall flag.
# -------------------------------------------------------------
# synlig tests
simple:DisplayWithBinFormatSpecifier/top.sv -parseall
simple:DisplayWithHexFormatSpecifier/top.sv -parseall
# yosys tests
yosys:simple/string_format.v -parseall
yosys:fmt/always_comb.v -parseall
# sv2v tests
sv2v:core/package_self_reference_shadow.v -parseall
sv2v:core/unpacked_localparam.v -parseall
sv2v:core/top_tf.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_ident.v -parseall
sv2v:lex/macro_macro.v -parseall
sv2v:error/size_cast_neg_lit_1.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/simplify_func.v -parseall
sv2v:core/paramtype_param_default.v -parseall
sv2v:core/string_type.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/interface_struct_param.v -parseall
sv2v:core/ambiguous_tore.v -parseall
sv2v:core/end_labels.v -parseall
sv2v:core/interface_func.sv -parseall
sv2v:lex/number_literal_whitespace.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_export_wildcard.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/case_inside_cast.v -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_array_inline.v -parseall
sv2v:basic/shift.sv -parseall
sv2v:lex/number.sv -parseall
sv2v:error/size_cast_neg_lit_2.sv -parseall
sv2v:lex/comment_no_space.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/simple_loop_jump.v -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_part_select.v -parseall
sv2v:core/interface_func.v -parseall
sv2v:core/interface_array_indirect.v -parseall
sv2v:core/typename_deep.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_export_nothing.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_global.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/typename_deep.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_enum_5.v -parseall
sv2v:core/sign_cast.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/empty_args_hier.v -parseall
sv2v:core/unused_imports.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/interface_array_single.v -parseall
sv2v:core/bit.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/paramtype_param.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_param.sv -parseall
sv2v:lex/macro_string.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_decl_reorder.v -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_hier_nocast.v -parseall
sv2v:basic/generate_else_branch.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_shadow.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_self_reference_import.v -parseall
sv2v:core/sign_cast.v -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_array_param.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_shadow.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/for_loop_inits.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_self_reference.v -parseall
sv2v:core/shadow_recurse.v -parseall
sv2v:basic/typeof_op.sv -parseall
sv2v:basic/simplify_binop.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/paramtype_expr.v -parseall
sv2v:basic/string_param_plain.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_export_wildcard.v -parseall
sv2v:core/interface_type_param.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/paramtype_stagger.v -parseall
sv2v:core/param_list_unpacked.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/simple_loop_jump.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_ident.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_param.v -parseall
sv2v:nosim/min_typ_max.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_array_param.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_global.v -parseall
sv2v:core/empty_args_hier.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_decl_init.v -parseall
sv2v:core/class_ident.v -parseall
sv2v:core/localparamtype.v -parseall
sv2v:core/param_list_unpacked.v -parseall
sv2v:core/function_ret_unpacked.v -parseall
sv2v:core/array_in_package.v -parseall
sv2v:core/number_concat.v -parseall
sv2v:lex/macro_arg_escape.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_hier_nocast.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_array_inline.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package.v -parseall
sv2v:core/string_cast.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/cast_literal.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_shadow.v -parseall
sv2v:core/enum_typedef_keep.v -parseall
sv2v:core/unused_imports.v -parseall
sv2v:core/paramtype.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_enum_4.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/nest_order.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_param.v -parseall
sv2v:core/nest_order.v -parseall
sv2v:basic/gen_case.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/paramtype_expr.sv -parseall
sv2v:basic/simplify_localparam_shadow.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_implied.v -parseall
sv2v:core/string_type.v -parseall
sv2v:basic/simplify_type.sv -parseall
sv2v:basic/mutual_recursion.sv -parseall
sv2v:lex/string_macro.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_self_reference_import.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/number_concat.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/union.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_self_reference.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/header_import.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/header_import.v -parseall
sv2v:core/package_enum_4.v -parseall
sv2v:lex/macro_arg_comment.v -parseall
sv2v:basic/simplify_genvar_shadow.sv -parseall
sv2v:basic/simplify_arg_shadow.sv -parseall
sv2v:lex/line.v -parseall
sv2v:core/no_default_param.v -parseall
sv2v:core/class_param_nest.v -parseall
sv2v:core/bit.v -parseall
sv2v:core/class_ident.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/cast_conflict.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_scope.v -parseall
sv2v:core/struct_part_select_param.v -parseall
sv2v:core/class_param_nest.sv -parseall
sv2v:core/package_implied.sv -parseall
